<?xml version="1.0" encoding="iso-8859-1" ?>
<?xml-stylesheet type="text/xsl" href="xslt/features.xsl"?>
<page logo="features">
  <features>
	<feature image="1" title="Traveling by ships">
	Continue your adventures by different travel forms. Go to the docks and prepare yourself for a wet journey across the sea’s. To use the ships step aboard them once they sail out you’ll continue seeking out new awaiting dangers.
	</feature>	
	<feature image="2" title="Wing of Wind">
	Tired of endless walking? The wing of wind npc’s will be your friend. They can teleport you from one place to the other place. It will cost you a little fee so be prepared to pay the price.
	</feature>
	<feature image="3" title="Let the trading begin!">
	Stop selling your monsters loot drops. There are countless of traders who are happy enough to trade your ‘dump’ items against more valuable item. This includes potions, parasite stones, equipment.	
	</feature>
	<feature image="4" title="Trading, Trading and more Trading.">
	Your key to success is to keep trading. Quest rewards often exists out of reward by a coupon. Save the coupons and spent them on equipment you like. Coupons cannot be given or traded with friends so earn them!
	</feature>
	<feature image="5" title="Sell, buy, uhmm rebuy?.">
	Buy equipment, potions and many more items at the existing shops. But watch out even the shops can ran out of money or stock. Once you sell a item to shop you can rebuy your items as well but be careful do not wait too long else they are gone for good.!
	</feature>
	<feature image="6" title="C’mon let the feelings out.">
	Express yourself with cute emoticons. Show everybody your happy, disappointed or target all your anger at one person and start ‘booing’ at him. And finally if you can’t decide just play a game of rock, paper, scissors to decide.
	</feature>
	<feature image="7" title="A fling or a romance?">
	Have you found your life partner? Well don’t keep standing there confess your love! Who knows he or she might feel the same. The next person laying in mine position could be you, so let the saga for your life partner begin (only males can do a love confession).
	</feature>
  </features>
</page>